Proposal
 Xinran Peng
 cs562w16
 Prof Groce Alex
 01/26/2016

 In this assignment, I will choose to test a B Plus Tree finding from
https://github.com/apeeyush/BPlusTree.

 B plus tree is an n-ary tree with a variable but often large number of children
 per node. A B+ tree consists of a root, internal nodes and leaves. The root may
 be either a leaf or a node with two or more children. A B+ tree can be viewed
 as a B-tree in which each node contains only keys (not key-value pairs), and
 to which an additional level is added at the bottom with linked leaves. This data
 structure is very common used in storing data for efficient retrieval in a
 block-oriented storage context, especially in file systems. So it is meaningful to
 test the correctness of the code of this data structure. Besides, the speed of the
 operations is also very important because this data structure is mainly be used in
 file system which is always very huge, and little differences in time complexity
 will cause a big different. Last, we need to test the compatibility of the data
 structure. What will happen if we add some punctuation? What will happen
 when we add some other language character?

 The code I found includes following functions. Inserting data in a B+ tree,
 this function will insert data from a file. Querying a B+ tree, this function
 will query the data in the file. Deleting the tree, this function will destroy the
 tree and its node. Output the tree, this function will output the tree in a file.
 Insert query, the output of this function contains ?insert?: followed by key
 and value insert: key value. Search query, the output contains "search:" followed
 by key the corresponding values are printed in next line separated by ','. If no
 values are found, "Not Found" is printed. And range query, the output of this
 function contains ?range:? followed by line contains a list of tuples where each
 tuple represents a (key, value) pair. One thing we need to notice is that we can
 add more then one same value in the tree. And it is interesting to see what will
 happen when we add the value has already existed or delete this value.

 With in this code, things I want to test include:
 1. The correctness of each function.
 2. The time of each function with different data sizes, and check if these times
 are reasonable with the characteristics of B plus tree.
 3. The compatibility of the data structure. What will happen if we add special
 symbol.
 4. The largest length of the structure and what will happen if we enter something
 longer than it.
 Some other test cases maybe added after this proposal.
